Add blog post about spaCy integration (#126)
huggingface/blog: spacy-in-the-hub.md

---

> title: "Welcome spaCy to the Hugging Face Hub"

Reviewer: Add a nice `thumbnail` if possible to optimize social sharing

Reviewer 2: Can you make something cute with your logo and the spaCy logo maybe? 😊

Author: I was thinking of a HF x spaCy thumbnail as we have for other collaborations, but maybe @gary149 has cooler ideas

Author: Done!

---

<h1>
    Welcome spaCy to the Hugging Face Hub
</h1>

<div class="blog-metadata">
    <small>Published July 13, 2021.</small>
    <a target="_blank" class="btn no-underline text-sm mb-5 font-sans" href="https://github.com/huggingface/blog/blob/master/spacy-in-the-hub.md">
        Update on GitHub
    </a>
</div>

<div class="author-card">
    <a href="/osanseviero">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1622621035602-6032802e1f993496bc14d9e3.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>osanseviero</code>
            <span class="fullname">Omar Sanseviero</span>
        </div>
    </a>
    <a href="/ines">
        <img class="avatar avatar-user" src="https://aeiljuispo.cloudimg.io/v7/https://s3.amazonaws.com/moonup/production/uploads/1621945859267-noauth.jpeg?w=200&h=200&f=face" title="Gravatar">
        <div class="bfc">
            <code>ines</code>
            <span class="fullname">Ines Montani</span>
        </div>
    </a>
</div>

> [spaCy](https://github.com/explosion/spaCy) is a cool library in the Natural Language Processing ecosystem used by dozens of thousands of persons. spaCy allows to easily use models for tasks such as Part of Speech and Named Entities Recognition.

Reviewer 2: I think this sounds a bit better as an introduction – "dozens of thousands of" reads a bit weird to me and I've also included some more specifics on what the library does. Does this sound alright to you?

```suggestion
[spaCy](https://github.com/explosion/spaCy) is a popular library for advanced Natural Language Processing used widely across industry. spaCy makes it easy to use and train pipelines for tasks like named entity recognition, text classification, part of speech tagging and more, and lets you build powerful applications to process and analyze large volumes of text.
```

Author: Thanks a lot, indeed this sounds better

Hugging Face makes it really easy to share your spaCy pipelines with the community! With a single command, you can upload any pipeline package, with a pretty model card and all required metadata auto-generated for you. The inference API currently supports NER out-of-the-box, and you can try out your pipeline interactively in your browser. You'll also get a live URL for your package that you can `pip install` from anywhere for a smooth path from prototype all the way to production!

### Finding models

Over 60 canonical models can be found in the [spaCy](https://hf.co/spacy) org. These models are from the [latest 3.1 release](https://explosion.ai/blog/spacy-v3-1), so you can try the latest realesed models right now! On top of this, you can find all spaCy models from the community here https://huggingface.co/models?filter=spacy.

### Widgets

This integration includes support for NER widgets, so all models with a NER component will have this out of the box! Coming soon there will be support for text classification and POS.

![widget](assets/23_spacy/widget.jpeg)

### Using existing models

All models from the Hub can be directly installed using `pip install`. 

```bash

> pip install https://huggingface.co/spacy/ca_core_news_sm/resolve/main/ca_core_news_sm-any-py3-none-any.whl

Reviewer 2: Maybe we could use the `en_core_web_sm` model here and in the example below? Nothing against Catalan, but many people who just copy-paste the code from the blog post probably don't know it and won't be able to play with it immediately 😅

Author: Sounds good! Changed

```

```python
# Using spacy.load().
import spacy
nlp = spacy.load("en_core_web_sm")

# Importing as module.
import en_core_web_sm
nlp = en_core_web_sm.load()
```

When you open a repository, you can click `Use in spaCy` and you will be given a working snippet that you can use to install and load the model!

![snippet](assets/23_spacy/snippet.png)
![snippet](assets/23_spacy/snippet2.png)

> You can even make HTTP requests to call the models from the Inference API, which is useful in production settings.

Reviewer 3: How about showing an example of a cURL request? It should be simple enough given that the token isn't necessary for simple requests:

```
curl -X POST  --data '{"inputs": "Hello, this is Omar"}' https://api-inference.huggingface.co/models/spacy/en_core_web_sm
```
```
[{"entity_group":"PERSON","word":"Omar","start":15,"end":19,"score":1.0}]
```

### Sharing your models

> But probably the coolest feature is that now you can very easily share your models with the `spacy-huggingface-hub` [library](https://github.com/explosion/spacy-huggingface-hub), which extends the `spaCy` CLI with a new command, `push`. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
But probably the coolest feature is that now you can very easily share your models with the `spacy-huggingface-hub` [library](https://github.com/explosion/spacy-huggingface-hub), which extends the `spaCy` CLI with a new command, `huggingface-hub push`. 
```
